CHANGELOG: update for v1.3.9 (#645)
etcd-io/bbolt: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.3.md

Note that we start to track changes starting from v1.3.7.

## v1.3.9(TBD)

### BoltDB

> - [bucket: allow to allocate key on stack in Put()](https://github.com/etcd-io/bbolt/pull/550)
> - [bucket.Put: copy key before seek](https://github.com/etcd-io/bbolt/pull/637)
> - [copy key before comparing during CreateBucket or CreateBucketIfNotExists](https://github.com/etcd-io/bbolt/pull/641)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Clone the key before operating data in bucket against the key](https://github.com/etcd-io/bbolt/pull/639)
```

Author: Updated!
